# BACKUP

# 8: Voting

    <aside class="notes">
    point on the red linear regression lines.



    Red multplied by blue makes the purple output variable.
    Of course you add the intercept to this regression value so that it bumps up the prediction to the appropriate range.
    </aside>


# ?: Man vs Machine

<aside class="notes">
    A 2007 study found that internists who refreshed their stethoscope skills by using a smartphone app were able to double their accuracy.
    The doctors who listened to 400 clips of 5 different heart murmurs were able to then correctly classify real heart murmurs with 80% accuracy, vs 40% for the control group.
</aside>

# NLP Application: Summarization

- Adjudication
- Clinical Medical Records
- Insurance Claims
- Retrospective Utilization Review

<aside class="notes">
    Clinical medical records full of unstructured data in a variety of formats.
    Summarizing these records brings together deep learning algorithms for NLP and computer vision.
    An obvious application is to use NLP to and summarize text notes by doctors and nurses.
    Interestingly machines are also being taught to read the reports generated by other machines such as those tables of blood test and genetic test results included in your medical record.
    Over time EHR systems will standardize on more and more data formats for the various tabular data generated by the machines assisting us with medical tests and procedures.
    Only recently has deep learning technology advanced to the point that machines can start to reduce the burdon on doctors.
    Doctors are the first ones to benefit from systems that allow them to summarize clinical medical records accurately.
    This helps doctors focus on the most relevant information in the long history of symptoms and treatments cataloged in a clinical medical record.
    In the US most of the deep learning and AI applications in healthcare center around insurance companies.
    Adjudication is the process by which health insurers aprove or deny claims and coverage requests.
    When you file a medical health insurance claim or obtain treatment at a hospital, that begins a long paper trail of documentation and bills.
    Your clinical medical record is updated and the insurer then reviews the bill from the provider.
    They can *disposition* the claim, request additional information.
    Health Insurance companies are required to pay for outside entities to review insurance claims to validate their disposition.
    These outside entities hire doctors to review clinical medical records and the dispositionare leading the way in employing deep learning and AI to improve docto
    </aside>

# NLP Application: Search and QA

- LiveStrong.com
- MayoClinic.com
- WebMD.com

<aside class="notes">
    Like you learned in the previous lesson, chatbots are a common applicaiton of deep learning and AI in healthcare.
    More and more patients and doctors are using search and chat to find answers to their medical questions.

    </aside>

# NLP Application: Medical Assistance

- CommCare (dimagi)
- Breath, Calm

# NLP Applicaitons: Mental Health Coaching

- Woebot
- Mindcurrent

- Replika

## TODO

[-] Why: Review feature engineering (sum, product, polynomial, pca)
[-] Layers: linear combinations of linear combinations creates nonlinear math?
[-] tensorflow playground
[-] sound file feature engineering (FFT, cepstral coefficients, convolutional filters, CNN)
[-] image file feature engineering (PCA, FFT, CNN)
[-] biology of neurons
[-] biology of brains

# What

<aside class="notes">

    </aside>

# Why

Feature engineering

<aside class="notes">
    What did you learn from your experience with the diabetes dataset?
    Did you generate all possible products, quotients, polynomials, exponentials, logs, transcendentals (sin, cos, tan, htan, etc)?
    What about all the possible phases and periods of transcendentals?
    If you did try to improve upon the 15% standard error
    </aside>

# How

Back propagation



# 3: Applications

- Medical imagery

# Medical imagery for diagnosis

- broken bones
- tumors
- pneumothorax
- retina damage

::: notes

Medical imagery can be used to diagnose injury like broken bones, torn ligaments, trauma, skin abnormalities, and damage to your retina or cornea (lasers, arc welding, sun damage).
Medical imagery is also used to diagnose disease like pulmonary disease, cardio-vascular disease, and even psychological abnormalities.
Data science tools are contributing in all of these areas.

:::

# Medical imagery for postoperative assessment

- Damage to tumors
- Ablative "tracks" in hear muscle
- Collatoral damage to healthy tissue

### Questions

```yaml
-
    Q: "Were you able to get better than 50% accuracy for the single-layer, 3-neuron, linear neural network: [bit.ly/ucsd-ucsd-try-3-neurons](http://playground.tensorflow.org/#activation=linear&batchSize=10&dataset=circle&regDataset=reg-plane&learningRate=0.03&regularizationRate=0&noise=0&networkShape=3&seed=0.39223&showTestData=false&discretize=false&percTrainData=50&x=true&y=true&xTimesY=false&xSquared=false&ySquared=false&cosX=false&sinX=false&cosY=false&sinY=false&collectStats=false&problem=classification&initZero=false&hideText=false)?"
-
    Q: "Does increasing the number of linear neurons or layers improve accuracy: [bit.ly/ucsd-ucsd-try-5-5-5-neurons](http://playground.tensorflow.org/#activation=linear&batchSize=10&dataset=circle&regDataset=reg-plane&learningRate=0.03&regularizationRate=0&noise=0&networkShape=3&seed=0.39223&showTestData=false&discretize=false&percTrainData=50&x=true&y=true&xTimesY=false&xSquared=false&ySquared=false&cosX=false&sinX=false&cosY=false&sinY=false&collectStats=false&problem=classification&initZero=false&hideText=false)?"
    A: No, adding more neurons or layers doesn't help a neural network improve accuracy if the underlying process is nonlinear.
-
    Q: Is it possible to make a neural network nonlinear by adding more linear layers or more linear neurons?
    A: No, a multilayer neural network of many linear neurons is equivalent to a linear network with only one layer and one neuron. Adding more neurons or layers doesn't help a neural network model a nonlinear process or function.
```



### Links

ucsd

### References

On International Womens Day I thought you would enjoy two videos by women driving the movements towards using Randomized Controlled Trials to increase the social impact of foreign aid and social programs.:

SR: Esther Duflo's ["Social Experiments to Fight Poverty"](https://www.ted.com/talks/esther_duflo_social_experiments_to_fight_poverty?language=en#t-660028)
SR: Jacqueline Gratz's [A Third way to Think about Aid](https://www.ted.com/talks/jacqueline_novogratz_a_third_way_to_think_about_aid)

SR: Phonocardiograms

["Artificial intelligence in healthcare: past, present and future"](https://svn.bmj.com/content/svnbmj/2/4/230.full.pdf) by Fei Jiang, Yong Jiang, et al., bit.ly/ucsd-ai-survey
